New FAQs page (#365)
metal3-io/metal3-io.github.io: _faqs/metal3-support-provisioners.md

---
question: Does Metal3 support provisioners other than Ironic?
---

> While it’s technically possible to add more provisioners, only Ironic is supported now, and supporting other provisioners is not on the current roadmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it's technically possible to add more provisioners, only Ironic is supported now, and supporting other provisioners is not on the current roadmap.
```
